[FrameworkBundle] Deprecate not setting some options (#51325)
symfony/symfony: UPGRADE-6.4.md

 * [BC break] Add native return type to `Translator` and to `Application::reset()`
 * Deprecate the integration of Doctrine annotations, either uninstall the `doctrine/annotations` package or disable
   the integration by setting `framework.annotations` to `false`

>  * Deprecate not setting the `framework.handle_all_throwables` config option. The default value will change to `true` in 7.0

Reviewer: let's try to use a single sentence (same everywhere similar):
```suggestion
 * Deprecate not setting the `framework.handle_all_throwables` config option; it will default to `true` in 7.0
```

 * Deprecate not setting the `framework.php_errors.log` config option. The default value will change to `true` in 7.0
 * Deprecate not setting the `framework.session.cookie_secure` config option. The default value will change to `auto` in 7.0
 * Deprecate not setting the `framework.session.cookie_samesite` config option. The default value will change to `lax` in 7.0

>  * Deprecate not setting the `framework.session.handler_id` config option. It will default to `session.handler.native_file` if `framework.session.save_path` is set or `null` otherwise in 7.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Deprecate not setting the `framework.session.handler_id` config option; it will default to `session.handler.native_file` when `framework.session.save_path` is set or `null` otherwise in 7.0
```
